[docs] Rename Expo client to Expo Go (#11747)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/app-auth.md

### react-native-app-auth

> The `expo-app-auth` module is based on [react-native-app-auth](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-native-app-auth) by the incredible React.js consulting firm [Formidable](https://formidable.com/). The documentation and questions there may prove helpful. `expo-app-auth` provides a few extra features to make native app auth work inside a sand-boxed Expo Go environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `expo-app-auth` module is based on [react-native-app-auth](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-native-app-auth) by the incredible React.js consulting firm [Formidable](https://formidable.com/). The documentation and questions there may prove helpful. `expo-app-auth` provides a few extra features to make native app auth work inside a sandboxed Expo Go environment.
```
